Advise:
1. Its a good practice to glance at the dataset before starting your analysis. We can spot some direct patterns which can be treated as the start point of our analysis.
2. When looking at dataset's columns, always look at it with atleast one row entry. It gives one an idea of the entries of the column containing confusng column names.
3. In order to avoid unnecessary cross-referencing in the future, it is better to join all the tables.
4. Always do the following pre-processing checks:
   4.1 Check for null values in columns (if total no. of missing column entries <<< total no. of rows then drop those rows)
   4.2 Check for duplicate rows (remove all duplicates)

Compounded-Code syntax simplification:
1. credits.head(1)[cast].values
* credits.head(1) returns the 1st row from top
* ...[cast] returns a preview of the column (values, data types)
* ...values returns only the values of the column (which is a dictionary)

2. movies.isnull().sum()
* movies.isnull() returns the dataframe with True (if null value is present) / False (otherwise) values placed in place of the dataframe values.
* ...sum returns a similar output as above but without a proper table structure.
* ...() returns total no. of True values for each column.

Extra:
1. What does 'inplace = True' in dropna() do?
When value is true, the entries are removed from the current dataframe.
When false, a copy of the dataframe is created and the entries are removed from the compied dataframe.

2. Why use 'movies.iloc[0]' and not 'movies[0]?
movies.iloc[0] refers to the first row of the DataFrame based on its position, regardless of the index labels. It always refers to the first row, even if the DataFrame has custom indices or a non-sequential index.
This syntax attempts to access a column in the DataFrame, where 0 is treated as the label of the column, not its position. It will raise a KeyError if there isn't a column explicitly named 0.

3. How does the apply() function work?
The apply function in pandas allows you to apply a function along an axis of the DataFrame or on values of Series. By default, the axis parameter is set to 0. Note that this function does NOT make changes to the original DataFrame object.

4. What is the axis parameter for a dataframe?
The axis parameter tells whether the operations are to be applied on rows (axis = 0) or columns (axis = 1) of a dataframe.

Questions to think about
1. Why do the numerical columns affect our analysis?
2. How will we add 'release date' in our analysis?
